Document local debugging tutorials (Az Functions, Webservers) (#87)
Snazzah/slash-create: docs/examples/webserver.md

## Creating a Server
```js
const { ExpressServer } = require('slash-create');

creator
    .withServer(new ExpressServer())
    // Depending on what server is used, this may not be needed.
    .startServer();

/**
 * By default, this serves to `127.0.0.1:80/interactions`.
 * You can change the `serverPort` and `endpointPath` to affect where to serve to.
 */

/**
 * You can also initialize the server with an existing application.
 * If you are doing this with express applications, the express application must already have `express.json()` as middleware.
 */

creator
    // Set `alreadyListening` if the server has already started.
    .withServer(new ExpressServer(app, { alreadyListening: true }));
```

## Debugging locally

> You can expose the local server url using [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/). 
> 
> First, download and install ngrok.
> Then type **ngrok http 80** in a new terminal. This will create a https://*.ngrok.io url. All calls to this URL will be redirected to localhost:80.
> 
> To instruct discord to use your server for all user-created interactions, you must :
> - Go to to [Discord Developers Portal Applications Page](https://discord.com/developers/applications). 
> - Select / Create a new application. On the application's page, fill the "Interactions endpoint URL" input with the https://*.ngrok.io/interactions url.
> - Invite your application to your server using this URL: `https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=[client-id]&scope=applications.commands`
> - You're ready to go!
> 
> Be aware that the ngrok url expires after 2h, you'll have to restart the ngrok command after this delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A way expose a localhost port to a URL is by using [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/). ([download](https://ngrok.com/download))

First, download and install ngrok, then type `ngrok http 80` in a new terminal. This will create a https://*.ngrok.io URL.

To instruct discord to use your server for all user-created interactions, you must:
- Go to to [Discord Developers Portal Applications Page](https://discord.com/developers/applications). 
- Select / Create a new application. On the application's page, fill the "Interactions endpoint URL" input with the https://*.ngrok.io/interactions url.
- Invite your application to your server using this URL: `https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=[client-id]&scope=applications.commands`
- You're ready to go!

Be aware that the ngrok URL expires after 2 hours, you'll have to restart the ngrok command after this delay.
```

## Production considerations

The simplest way to use the created server is to use http://[server-public-ip]/interactions as a "Interactions endpoint URL" (see "Debugging locally" section above).

> However, exposing your server directly could be detrimental to its security. Using coponents such as a [reverse proxy](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/web-server/reverse-proxy/) or a [Web Application Firewall](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_application_firewall) is recommended.

Author: I'm not sure about this bit. May be too much explaining ?

Reviewer: I don't think this section is really needed. The last section is good and secure already, if people know how to put a domain on an interactions URL then I think they would know a bit more to be secure.
```suggestion
```
